Who is fighting?
Lord, you let King Wei call the shots
This newcomer hits people without saying a word
Our brothers were beaten by him.
I won't say why they fought first
Obviously, you hit people without saying a word
I-I tried to tell him
You can't hit people after going through this
He also told me that he plays this game
We all have to listen to him
Yeah, yeah, yeah, he just stopped talking.
I want to testify
So young, you dare to punish me in prison when you first come
Are you tired?
Tell him he is the slave commander of Zhenbei Army
If you dare to control him, you don't even have to die
Fart ability never died
He said I testified
Said he was the king of heaven
The whole hero has no one to treat him enough
Defying the law and lawlessness
I see you are looking for a fight.
Hmph, doing the right thing is looking for a fight